[book] Using Objects (#36)
MystenLabs/move-book: book/src/object/evolution-of-move.md

# Evolution of Move

> While Move was created to manage digital assets, its initial storage model was bulky and not well-suited for many use cases. For instance, if Alice wanted to transfer an asset X to Bob, Bob had to create a new "empty" resource, and then Alice could transfer asset X to Bob. This process was not intuitive and presented implementation challenges, partly due to the restrictive design of [Diem](https://www.diem.com/en-us). Another drawback of the original design was the lack of built-in support for a "transfer" operation, requiring every module to implement its own storage transfer logic. Additionally, managing heterogeneous collections of assets in a single account was particularly challenging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Move was created to manage digital assets, its initial storage model was bulky and not well-suited for many use cases. For instance, if Alice wanted to transfer an asset X to Bob, Bob had to create a new "empty" resource, and then Alice could transfer asset X to Bob. This process was not intuitive and presented implementation challenges, partly due to the restrictive design of [Diem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diem_(digital_currency)). Another drawback of the original design was the lack of built-in support for a "transfer" operation, requiring every module to implement its own storage transfer logic. Additionally, managing heterogeneous collections of assets in a single account was particularly challenging.
```
I was really surprised to see that website still exist lol

Sui addressed these challenges by redesigning the storage and ownership model of objects to more closely resemble real-world object interactions. With a native concept of ownership and *transfer*, Alice can directly transfer asset X to Bob. Furthermore, Bob can maintain a collection of different assets without any preparatory steps. These improvements laid the foundation for the Object Model in Sui.

## Summary

> - Move's initial storage model was not well-suited for managing digital assets, requiring complex and restrictive transfer operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move's initial storage model was not well-suited for managing digital assets, requiring complex and restrictive transfer operations that were isolated per module.
```
Just a thought. Trying to highlight the lack of flexibility in the design.
